profile/README.md, before:

Welcome to [Keygen's](https://keygen.sh) GitHub, where you can find various example apps written in a myriad of programming languages, and our open source projects, such as [`request_migrations`](https://github.com/keygen-sh/request_migrations), [our CLI](https://github.com/keygen-sh/keygen-cli), and [our Go SDK](https://github.com/keygen-sh/keygen-go).

Some notable example apps include:

- [How to implement license activation in an Electron app](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-electron-license-activation)
- [How to verify and decrypt machine files in Python](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-python-cryptographic-machine-files)
- [How to verify and decrypt license files in Rust](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-rust-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to implement machine heartbeats in Python](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-python-machine-heartbeats)
- [How to verify and decrypt license files in C++](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-cpp-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to implement air-gapped license activation](https://github.com/keygen-sh/air-gapped-activation-example)
- [How to verify and decrypt License Files in C#](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-csharp-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to verify API response signatures in C++](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-cpp-response-signature-verification)
- [How to implement license activation in C#](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-csharp-license-activation)
- [How to verify and decrypt License Files in Java](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-java-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to implement a custom password reset flow](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-password-reset-fulfillment)
- [How to implement user authentication in C#](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-csharp-user-authentication)
- [How to implement license activation in Python](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-python-machine-activation)

Reach out if you need a specific example or have any questions!

Commit message:

add python license file example

profile/README.md, after:

Welcome to [Keygen's](https://keygen.sh) GitHub, where you can find various example apps written in a myriad of programming languages, and our open source projects, such as [`request_migrations`](https://github.com/keygen-sh/request_migrations), [our CLI](https://github.com/keygen-sh/keygen-cli), and [our Go SDK](https://github.com/keygen-sh/keygen-go).

Some notable example apps include:

- [How to implement license activation in an Electron app](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-electron-license-activation)
- [How to verify and decrypt machine files in Python](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-python-cryptographic-machine-files)
- [How to verify and decrypt license files in Python](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-python-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to verify and decrypt license files in Rust](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-rust-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to implement machine heartbeats in Python](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-python-machine-heartbeats)
- [How to verify and decrypt license files in C++](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-cpp-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to implement air-gapped license activation](https://github.com/keygen-sh/air-gapped-activation-example)
- [How to verify and decrypt License Files in C#](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-csharp-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to verify API response signatures in C++](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-cpp-response-signature-verification)
- [How to implement license activation in C#](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-csharp-license-activation)
- [How to verify and decrypt License Files in Java](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-java-cryptographic-license-files)
- [How to implement a custom password reset flow](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-password-reset-fulfillment)
- [How to implement user authentication in C#](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-csharp-user-authentication)
- [How to implement license activation in Python](https://github.com/keygen-sh/example-python-machine-activation)

Reach out if you need a specific example or have any questions!
